  It should check at runtime for the crypt program since different machines of
  the same type may or may not have crypt or DES on them.

  It brings up the window OK, but when I type " to insert a string in the
  current cell, I get a load of gibberish printed in the current cell. If I
  type in a string (say, "Hello"), then "Hello" does get inserted OK into the
  cell. It's somewhat disconcerting to see a load of random characters in the
  cell before you press RETURN to terminate the string ! This didn't happen
  with xspread 1.1 and HP-UX, I hasten to add :-)

  I am impressed with xspread, except for one nagging bug.  When editing the
  contents of a cell, the underline cursor doesn't move.  The program's idea
  of where the cursor *should* be does change (i.e. you can insert characters
  into the middle of the line), but the underline never moves.  It does move
  while in insert mode, however.  This happens under 2.0 and 2.1.  I'm running
  the generic R5 Xsun server, pl.21. 

  Currently this is xspread..  One day it will be incorporated
  with SC.  SC and xspread will be the same program.  
  I've also noticed that sc.c could not compile if DOINGX is not defined
  due to the use of userfont which is declared only when DOINGX is
  defined.  Some of the other defines also still get screwed up.

  The crypt routine now prompts on your screen in the Xspread
  window for the key, which is nice, but it is shown, maybe that
  could be changed so when keystrokes are down, it is displayed 
  as "XXXX" ??

  Check on the Lotus compatibilty.  Can Xspread really read in
  Lotus files?  Old Lotus versions?  Or does Xspread just have the
  Lotus like look?
  
BTW, there is a serious bug concerning functions that return strings
(eg @DATE, @SUBSTR): it says "invalid numeric function" or somesuch.
This means that eval() instead of seval() is being called for those
functions, but I couldn't discover why.  At present, you can't use
functions that return strings.

	- Let the user save the graphics definitions across sessions,
	  either bound to the spreadsheet or in an standalone form.
	  I mean a way to suspend work now and be able to return to
	  it later.
	- Graphic option selection user interface needs tuning, ranges
	  would be the ideal way to define the rows desired. Still
	  better if TAB works the standard way in sc.
	- The mouse is underutilized. It should be possible to select ranges
	  using the mouse. I use at the office sc with NCSA Telnet and
	  I can use the mouse of my PC to select ranges. I really miss
	  that function when using X. Also, it should be possible to
	  scroll the view of the spreadsheet with the mouse.
	- There is also another deficiency that is not particular to
	  xspread, but rather inherited from sc, and is the lack of
	  column and row freezing on screen, I mean the ability
	  to leave some region fized on the view while the rest of the
	  spreadsheet scrolls. Hiding and showing is not enough.
	- Alternatively (or in addition to the above), opening other
	  views of the same spreadsheet simultaneously.
	- Real time update of the graphic from the data, and maybe
	  several graphics at the same time.

