This is a much modified version of the public domain spread sheet sc,
posted a year or two ago by Mark Weiser as vc, originally by James Gosling.

Changes since my last version (4.1):

1)  Range and cursor reverse video highlighting.

2)  QUICK #ifdefs changed to -n option.  (thanks to Dave Davey)

3)  A shell escape. (more thanks to Dave) 

4)  More things to toggle.

5)  An "end" command which allows you to skip to the end of one
    range or the start of another.

6)  PRIMITIVE macro support.  Don't bug me about this.  I'll add to
    it as I get the time.

7)  A better /copy command.

8)  String expressions in addition to constant labels - this includes
    concatenation, substring and numeric to string and back functions.

9)  Time and date functions.

10) Better floating point error handling.  It no longer aborts on
    fp errors.

11) Fixed variable references such as $K$20.  This allows you to
    fix one end of a range instead of the whole thing.

12) File names can be kept in a cell as a label.  To access the
    file, just use the variable name instead of the file name.

13) Optional subranges on the file commands.

14) "w", "b" and " " commands similar to those in vi.

When you get it built, try "sc tutorial.sc" for a simple introduction
to the basic commands.

A new input parser program (psc) has been included.  This program
formats ascii files for use in the spread sheet. 

I have modified the makefile to make it easy for you to call the
program what you want (I saw at least five different names in
correspondence and on the net).  Just change "name=sc" and "NAME=SC" to
"name=myfavoritename" and "NAME=MYFAVORITENAME" and try "make
myfavoritename".

Similarly, you can make the documentation with "make myfavoritename.man".
"make install" will make and install the code in EXDIR.  The
installation steps and documentation all key off of the name.  The
makefile even changes the name in the nroffable man page.  If you don't
have nroff, you will have to change sc.man yourself.

The code has been tested against a Vax running 4.2 and 4.3 and a National
ICM-3216 with system V.2 and V.3.  The ICM has a National Semi 32016.  Just
check the makefile for the system flags.   I have heard reports of lots
of other machines that work. If you have problems with lex.c, and don't
care about arrow keys, define SIMPLE (-DSIMPLE in the makefile).  SIMPLE
causes the arrow keys to not be used.

Disclaimer:

Sc is not a product of National Semiconductor.  It is supplied as is with
no warranty, express or implied, as a service to Usenet readers.

					Bob Bond

    Robert Bond 			ihnp4!nsc!nscpdc!rgb
    National Semiconductor		tektronix!nscpdc!rgb
